with the spin cover Beyonce spin came to
me and they said you know I mean Beyonce
was obviously you know very well
established I mean sometimes I get to
photograph people in the infancy of
their careers which to me is really
fascinating because you know usually
there's not a huge entourage around them
and they're just you know they're fresh
they're not jaded and you know it's
great and I've been able to you know I
mean I photographed Madonna like that in
1983 when I was walking down the street
with her no one even knew who she was I
mean Brad Pitt liked that Angelina Jolie
I mean you know so I've been you know
throughout my career I've had
opportunities to you know work with
people at that point in their career
well Beyonce was obviously very well
established when I photographed her but
you know she was like a breath of fresh
air she came to the studio was just like
her mom and her hair makeup there wasn't
this huge entourage and she was very
down-to-earth and you know very into the
whole process and she wanted to talk
about you know what we were doing and
everything and be a part of it you
really felt that and plus you know she
just gave a hundred percent to every
photograph for the cover we did other
shots of her where we we built sets with
these amazing like sparkly backgrounds
and stuff and just shot some ambient
things around her the studio but the
cover they wanted very strong against
white and like the tradition of like you
know the timeless kind of Vogue covers
and stuff and I had done a lot of white
backgrounds I used to shoot all the
covers for a 17-4 Cosmo girl and you
know in style and it was always like you
know so I really kind of honed in on my
white background skills and I like to to
work with a psyche and I like to work
with a Plexiglas background that's off
on some Apple boxes built up on a stage
just so when I shoot I get the angle of
the white and everything bounces and I
don't get the shadows and basically how
how I lit this was I had to psyche and I
like to build a tree on one really large
stand where I'll put two umbrellas with
two heads and each of those is lit with
their own pack again on so on both sides
camera left and camera right I'll have
the tree and the first light head is
about I don't know four or five feet the
other ones up about ten feet and
sometimes I've even done three if I have
to shoot a band and get really far back
and then I'll have another two packs one
on each side where I had ten degree grid
spots which were aimed just in back of
her head to kind of rim her to give her
you know that and some people like to
use a name the umbrellas kind of out or
feather the foam core on the outside to
give that wash in that light but I like
to do that too but I also like to hit
the back the person with really strong
light so it's really crisp and with an
edge and sometimes I'll do it even do it
with a strip light but this time was
done with a grid spots for my key light
on this shot I like to do a fun fun
thing with the key light and I took the
7-foot giant umbrella it's a silver on
the inside and I always put a buy tube
in these again it's just to have the
maximum amount of power and being able
to you know shoot quickly if you know
around f-16 and but on the post eye
right in the center I mounted the ring
light a ring flash and I have that on a
separate pack so that that's about a
stop to a stop and a half under the the
bye tube and it just gives a really nice
kind of a fill but a little bit of kick
and sparkle and it's mounted right in
the center so that the highlight in the
eye is like you know it's one highlight
it's not like but it's an interesting
highlight and I just love the quality
makes a great sound when it goes off it
sounds really impressive too which is
you know always cool so anyway that was
basically it that was shot it was little
I'd just over my head and slightly
camera left I never like to shoot them
dead straight on over me it's just a
little bit disco it gives a little
turning and I you know didn't really
have a lot of fill from below I mean you
know she was against white and the white
plexi but you know because it kind of
has that kind of a hard look but like a
soft look and you can see the rim is
kind of raking across her breast here
and across your shoulder to give you
know it gives some kind of nice tourney
and she has you know very dewy kind of
glowy skin which is what I like for a
white background it just it wasn't
sterile looked very you know real very
sensuous
you